# Remoteform 

-----

**NOTE**: This extension's days are numbered. See [work on oembed
standard](https://github.com/totten/civicrm-core/blob/master-oembed/ext/oembed/README.md)
in CiviCRM core. Once oembed is fully functional in CiviCRM, this extension
will be deprecated and no longer maintained.

Remoteform allows you to add a CiviCRM form to a remote web site via a few
lines of javascript code.

Currently, only profiles and contribution pages are supported (events and
petitions are in the works).

## How does it work?

Full [documentation is available](docs/index.md). See below for an overview.

First, click `Administer -> Customize data and screens -> Remote Forms.`

Enter your web site's address. Only the addresses listed here will be able to
submit forms to your CiviCRM instance.

![Choose URLs to allow](/images/cors-configuration.png)

Note: Drupal 8+ users must also [update your services.yml file](docs/drupal_civicrm.md).

Second, edit the profile or contribution page to enable remoteform. Here's an
example of a profile page (look in `Profile Settings -> Advanced Settings`):

![Enable remoteform for a contribution](/images/profile-enable.png)

Third, copy and paste the provided javascript code to your remote web site and
you are done.

![Profile shown on remote site](/images/profile-on-remote-site.png)

## Can I configure how the fields are displayed. 

Yes, the javascript api is [fully documented](docs/api.md). You can change just
about everything.

## Is this secure?

This extension does open a tiny hole in your CiviCRM armour. Specifically, it
allows the sites you specify to by-pass the normal
[CORS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing)
restrictions.

CORS prevents one web site from getting your web browser to post data to
another web site, unless the website you are posting to specifically allows it. 

There is a good reason for CORS! The main reason is to prevent one malicious
web site from taking over your browser and posting information to another web
site without your knowledge (for example, a web site could secretly get your
browser to change your password in your CiviCRM installation and then take over
your account).

Remoteform mitigates against this danger in two ways:

 * You specify the sites to allow. If you specify your organization's web site,
   then a malicious user would have to take over your web site first

 * Remoteform refuses to operate if your browser is logged into your CiviCRM
   installation. Even if a malicious user could take over your site, they would
   not be able to do any damage to your site because all operations are
   performed as an anonymous user.

## License

The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Requirements

* PHP v7.0+
* CiviCRM (5.69) This extension overrides the Contribution Page submit.php file, so you must be
sure to run the exact version of CiviCRM specified.

## Known Problems

If you or any one who wants to fill out a form generated by Remoteform has
[Privacy Badger](https://www.eff.org/privacybadger) or similar software that
restricts javascript from passing data about your session to remote servers,
then Remoteform won't work. It will, however, display a friendly warning
suggesting that the user disable privacy badger or any other security
restrictions that may be in place.
